#Lab 9
##Jordan Nagy

1. The purpose of this repository is to start our own portfolios.
2. Assignment 2, Historical Landmarks. I am a very visual person, so I really enjoyed seeing the progress I was making each time I added a new feature and reloaded the page. First, I got to my location on the map, then I could see the other people who checked in, etc. I also enjoyed how the end product was interactive (you could click on each person/landmark).
3. I have grown tremendously from day 1. I knew very minimal HTML/CSS before starting this course, and now not only has my knowledge grown on the client side, but I have also learned a great deal about server side, and how clients and servers interact. Additionally, I have learned a little about security, and more about how to learn (ie using/reading API documentation, etc).
4. The most important things I learned in this course were probably asynchronous, events, and first-class functions. These were the hardest to wrap my brain around at first, because they are very different from the very procedural coding I am used to from 11 and 15. But, after using them in Assignment 2 (asynchronous HTTP requests, call back functions, events), Assignment 3(asynchronous HTTP requests, call back functions, events), and many more labs, I now understand how each work. These few things will be very valuable as I continue to learn more about coding/computer science and in future courses (like 105).
5. I would like to learn more about the different web applications I can build, not only with the tools that I current know, but also learning about and using other tools (other databases, templates, etc.)
